A bit less of compilation errors. (#333)
iotaledger/wasp: documentation/docs/contract_core/accounts.md

# The `accounts` Contract

The `accounts` contract is one of the [core contracts](overview.md) on each ISCP
chain.

The `accounts` contract keeps a consistent ledger of on-chain accounts in its state for the agents that control them. There are two types of agents who can do it: L1 addresses and smart contracts.

## Entry Points

> The `accounts` contract provides functions to deposit and withdraw tokens, and also provides information about the assets deposited on the chain.  

Reviewer: "The `accounts` contract" three times in a row. Sorry for reviewing too late.

Note that the ledger of accounts on the chain is consistently maintained behind scenes by the VM.

### deposit

> Moves tokens attached as a transfer to a target account on the chain. If the agent ID parameter `a` is specified, the target account is the account controlled by that agent ID. Otherwise, the target account is the account controlled by the caller. This makes sense only if it is a request, not if it is an on-chain call.

Reviewer 2: I would word this sligtly differently, what do you think abou the following?:
```suggestion
Moves tokens attached as a transfer to a target account on the chain. By default the funds are deposited to the caller account, optionally a different target account can be specified with the agend ID parameter `a`.
This makes sense only if it is a request, not if it is an on-chain call.
```

> This makes sense only if it is a request, not if it is an on-chain call.
why is that? a SC can make an internal on-chain call to this endpoint.

Reviewer 3: Hi @jorgemmsilva , it is indeed based on the previous text.  I definitely like your suggestion :) , I'll update it in a new commit as there's a small tipo in agent.
